Fish and milk-Since milk has a cooling effect and fish has a heating effect, their combination creates an imbalance that can lead to chemical changes in the body. Although many cultures use this combination, it is recommended to avoid it, especially if you have a weak immune system. The two items are quite a rich source of protein, individually, but their composition is very different from each other, therefore, they need different digestive juices to digest. The imbalance can wreak havoc on the digestive system, which can alter the chemical reaction in the body and further weaken your immune system. $next Burger and fries-Over cooked food with high levels of fat, preservatives and other chemicals can form a charcoal-type substance. This then combines with the sugar in potato fries, creating cytokines which can cause inflammation and speed up the aging process, tread carefully by next time to get the urge for a big mac! $next Sandwiches and coffee-When there is no time, a quick breakfast on the go is a common solution. Say hello to cheese sandwiches and coffee, and say goodbye to all the healthy properties of cheese. The simple carbs in bread prevent calcium from being digested properly and bringing help to your nervous and cardiovascular systems. Moreover, if you add instant coffee, there will be no benefit to your health at all.
Mint and soda-There have been many videos doing the rounds on the Internet that show the reaction between mint and cola. Just think if the same thing happens inside your tummy. Well, that would be a scary sight indeed! This is because mint and soda can cause excessive bloating and gas, which can make you very uncomfortable. $next White bread and jam-While white bread and jam is a quick and easy breakfast, the combination will leave you wanting more. A high-sugar combination at the start of your day can ultimately cause you to overindulge. When you start your day without protein and with very little fat, you're vulnerable to overeating for the rest of your day as your body plays catch up. Try adding in some protein with turkey bacon or nut butter and healthy fat like avocado. $next Cucumbers and tomatoes-Cucumbers are enriched with nutrients that help in keeping you hydrated. However, cucumber too has a property that interferes with the absorption of Vitamin C. Thus, most of the time, the combination of cucumber and tomato is advised to be avoided. Another reason is that they both have a completely different way of digestion, Hence, they must not be consumed together as this combination can lead to acid formation and bloating.
Alcohol and nuts- nuts only make you thirstier, leading you to reach for another drink, which in turn dehydrates your body further. To beat dehydration, eat foods that are water-based like fruits and vegetables (cucumbers and watermelon are particularly good) $next Pasta Sauce and Cheese-Acid and starch – they are two completely different chemicals the body has to digest. Fatigue, which is inevitable because the body will need lots of energy to digest this meal, is inevitable. The acidic sauce is digested in the stomach, while the starch in the small intestine. They cancel each other out. They don’t get digested in time and just sit there and rot, which can eventually lead to leaky gut, a very serious issue. $next Juice and cereal-If you are thinking that a glass of juice along with your breakfast cereal is going to give you much-needed energy for the day, well, that may not be true. The acids in fruit juices like orange juice hinder the breaking down of carbohydrates by affecting the enzyme activity.
Pizza and soda-Another combo that most fast food chains offer to its customers, soda and pizza is a very bad choice as far as your health is concerned. Pizza is loaded with starch and proteins, which slows down digestion and high amounts of sugar from soda further makes your digestion sluggish. $next Minced meat with pasta-The protein (the meat) is digested by an acid, called pepsin, in the stomach. The starch, the pasta, leads to the secretion of an enzyme called ptyalin, which creates an alkaline condition. So they neutralize each other — this makes your gut a breeding ground for bad bacteria and sets off an inflammation cascade. $next Alcohol and sweets-Most of us are very careful and discreet about eating food combinations when alcohol is concerned, and one such combination that can do blunders is having sweets with alcohol. Alcohol tends to convert the sugar into saturated fats, which can get easily accumulated in the body. However, eating green vegetables may be a better choice.
Yogurt and milk-Yogurt which is a fermented product should not be consumed with milk as it would block the channels of the body and result in infections, tummy problems and ill-health. $next Ghee and honey-Some amounts of ghee and honey by weight are a bad combination as ghee acts as  a cooling agent in the body and honey acts as a heating agent. Equal quantities of both together can lead to disturb our digestive system and induce many diseases, including cancer and even death. $next Fish and beans- it comes off really surprising that this food combination can actually make you sick. Fish and beans are both high in carbs and proteins and hence it becomes difficult for the body to digest it.